hey guys so I'm here with my fabruary to
be red pile um so yeah let me get
started on the first book that I will be
reading is a Night Circus by Erin
Morgenstern because this is for our book
club yeah yeah yeah um so yeah I will be
reading that that's what i'll be
starting first thing tomorrow maybe
today but yes i'll be reading that and
then I've got three books here that are
are copies that I want and giveaways off
with Goodreads and they're all coming
out in March so I feel like I should
read them this month but I don't know if
I really want to i have so many other
books that i want to read but here they
all are I've got the gods of Gotham by
Lindsey Fay so this is the most recent
one that I got haven't shown it all yet
and then I also got another piece of my
heart by Jane green and then the last
one is globe by Jessica Maria to celli
and yeah I've had a couple of those for
a while and I feel like I should read
them I just there are a lot of other
books that I want to read this month so
i know i just might read them later i
don't know i feel kind of bad fighter
wait them before march but whatever and
so the other books that i want to read
are the last two books in the Percy
Jackson series whoops i missed the
battle of the labyrinth and last
olympian yeah i read the second third
one this month so i want to finish off
the series next month so i can finally
start reading the spin-off series and
stuff like that so yeah that would be
nice to finish that and then I also want
to read unearthly by Cynthia hand yeah I
got that out a while ago and perks of
being a wallflower I'm not sure when the
movie is a is coming out I don't know if
there's even a date up yet but or just
forgot but movie with logan lerman and
emma watson is coming out sometime this
year so i need to get this book read
because I've been meaning to read it for
a really long time and the next book I
want to read is and in the french kiss
by Stephanie Perkins I've been putting
this off for too long I just need to
just do it I just need to go in there to
see if it is
that I would like and then the last book
that I sort of got on a pile here is
gone by Michael Grant I need to finish
reading this I haven't continued reading
it since I stopped but yeah I need to
just finish reading this and this kind
of all got from our little pile here but
they're a bunch of other books that i
want to read so i probably end up seeing
me reading different things i'm not
really sure yet exactly what I'm going
to be waiting but yeah that's just sort
of my ideas for what I want to be
reading um and I will see you guys next
time bye